[12:20 PM, 6/12/2021] Tzee SQI Boss: About Us

We’ll tell you at the outset that JW Electricals  Ltd. is one of today's leading electrical companies. Over the years, we have successfully carried out the most reliable electrical installations with some of the largest corporate houses across the United States and Europe. But here’s what makes us the best at what we do. With a unique vision and untiring commitment to what we do, we’re all about creating an impeccable experience for our customers.

Established in 2001, JW Electricals has grown to become a name synonymous with an impressive repertoire of projects completed successfully. We are proud to have on-board an enlightened and well-equipped team that has more than 20 years of experience in the industry. With a team like that, we are not only assured of the growth and success of our company, but we promise the same to all our clients.

While we’ve earned your trust and we’ve made a name, our journey has only just begun. Our mission is to continue to grow and to empower the nation with the work that we do.
[12:20 PM, 6/12/2021] Tzee SQI Boss: Our knowledge & experience

Our knowledge, experience and expertise have enabled us to become pioneers in the field of electrical engineering. Our efficient and reliable electrical installations are the pride of Europes’s largest corporate companies, and we remain the most favoured electrical engineering company for the nation’s biggest brand names. Our steadfast belief in the aphorism “Where quality earns trust” has earned us a commendable list of clients.

In the domain of electrical installations, we focus more specifically on the execution of infrastructure facilities for all HV, MV and LV electrical systems. We believe in versatility and have successfully completed several prestigious projects for the following segments:

    Commercial Offices
    Hospitality
    Health care, Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals

    Data Centers
    Industrial & Manufacturing
    Retail-cash and carry

    Residential
    Educational
    Entertainment

As per the statutory law, right from the execution of the service line to the release of power supply, JW Electrical procures all the CEIG approvals to comply with the norms. Our team of technically qualified, competent and well-equipped liaising engineers supervise the entire process.

Over the years, JW Electrical has attained steady growth fiscally and has a dedicated workforce. Our on-site staff includes Project Managers, Project Engineers, Safety Engineers and Planning Engineers. Our off-site team comprises of experienced Managers & Engineers in Tender, Design, Purchase, Billing, Planning, Accounts, HR and other departments.

Our Testing and Commissioning team oversees, with competence and expertise, all the pre-commissioning, commissioning and maintenance and breakdown related issues.